life's funny sometimes isn't it what
brought that on we first met his enemies
on the battlefield and now here we are
fighting side by side
you mean Columbia yeah after I quit the
JSDF I made my way there and got myself
a position as a drill sergeant for a
band of revolutionaries despite the fact
that I'd never seen a day of combat now
I see you had the gift for talking
business and Spanish even back then come
on stop it you're making me blush
unlucky for me though you were in the
service of the Colombian army I remember
it like it was yesterday
it all happened in an instant you guys
ambushed us and half my unit was taken
out my mind went totally blank I
couldn't keep it together my whole unit
was wiped out and I was left half-dead
from a bomb blast then as I was leaving
you yelled out at me I came all the way
from Japan to be here my place is on the
battlefield
then you asked for my help saying I want
to be the one to end it
I remember being surprised that there
were still samurai in Japan you guys
came over to me
I had a grenade hidden under me but even
then you were too fast the second I
pulled the pin you grabbed the hand I
was using to hold the grenade with both
palms I didn't want it to go off I'd
heard samurai were a proud Bunch I
wanted to know why one of them would
stoop so low as to try to take his
opponent with him and I said I'll never
lose again we'll never lose again yeah
we'll do whatever it takes but we'll
never be beaten again then I passed out
from the blood loss when I woke up I was
in your camps infirmary stuck full of
tubes why'd you save me your enemy after
I tried to kill you because you
swallowed your pride and fought with
everything you had I just didn't want to
lose you found a way to fight back even
in the face of death even when you knew
you were gonna die that's the mark of a
true warrior
it's not about gain and loss or victory
and defeat I looked at the way you lived
your life and saw the path I needed to
take as a warrior well I never knew that
and that's why you I realized then that
the
battlefield doesn't only divide people
into allies and enemies sometimes it
tells you more than just who's an ally
or who's an enemy sometimes it helps
reveal your true comrades like you and
me huh that's right and two years later
here we are